[Applause]
bernie sanders seems like the type of
guy who would return a single piece of
fruit to walmart
and hold up the line for an hour well
not quite
but i do hope that the workers in
walmart can eventually earn a living
wage
with decent benefits elizabeth warren is
what happens
when jan brady grows up
if templeton the rat from charlotte's
web had a successful rat cousin
he hated for being an anxious slime ball
it would be ted cruz
andrew yang has terrible hair and can't
be president
it's not fair but it's the truth have
you seen our current president's hair
anthony scaramucci is what happens when
cold lasagna
served on a sopranos dvd
makes a wish upon a star to be a real
boy
when somebody was on serious drugs right
now
nancy pelosi probably has the same five
napkins in her purse
for the last 25 years
that comes from pooh raggis is that how
many napkins you have poo
at cory booker has the iq of a dog turd
if john kerry's head were to be carved
on a mountain
it would be actual size not rushmore
here i come
dear al franken you weren't funny then
and you're not funny now in fact
you're not good enough you're not smart
enough and gosh
darn it no one likes you call back to a
character
i'm not the kind of person who collects
and stores cat piss
for starters i don't own any cats but if
i were i guarantee
it would take hulk-like strength to keep
me from throwing
collected stored warmed up cat piss
into john kasich's face
you're kind of sick aren't you mayor
pete looks like howdy doody
if howdy doody was a snark real donald
trump
to show you how dishonest the lame
stream media is
i used the word little not little
in describing corrupt congressman little
adam schiff
low ratings at cnn purposely took the
hyphen out
and said i spelled the word little wrong
a small but never-ending situation with
cnn
first of all it's not a hyphen
but secondly you're the president of the
united states
at mike bloomberg saying he's running
for president is like
finding out nickelback is playing the
super bowl halftime show
i like nickelback
i think i think that goes a good way
toward
explaining a lot hi i'm jimmy kimmel an
evil wizard has trapped me inside this
youtube video
click subscribe to help me escape